Documentation update regarding update of SM Credentials (#1692)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/user/03-20-runtime-operations.md

The update process is triggered by an [OSB API update operation](https://github.com/openservicebrokerapi/servicebroker/blob/master/spec.md#updating-a-service-instance) request.
You can find all the updating steps in the [update](../../cmd/broker/update.go) file.

> [!NOTE]

> > When SM Credentials are updated the change is not done by the use of update steps. Credentials are stored in the KEB database and [Runtime Reconciler](../contributor/07-10-runtime-reconciler.md) is responsible for updating them during reconciliation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The updating process of Service Manager credentials is different. The credentials are stored in the KEB database, and [Runtime Reconciler](../contributor/07-10-runtime-reconciler.md) updates them during reconciliation.
```
